9:00 a.m. in Hong Kong, Beijing, and
here in Singapore, you're watching the
China Show coming to you live from the
Bloomberg New Economy [music] Forum
that's now underway. I'm Yvon Man with
David Glass.
>> Yep. Uh over the next two hours or so,
we'll be hearing from top corporate
executives, world leaders, and policy
makers over the next hours and days.
We're here live in Singapore. Savvana is
pointing out, of course, a lot to talk
about today. the initial uh the initial
discussions have already begun and it's
pregnant Ivonne with possibility given
[music] of course everything that's
taken place world leaders are here uh
it's what is a bit of a trick to get in
all the security and everything but it
just underscores the [music] gravity
>> of the the powers that be that have
gathered here to talk about the things
that really matter to business and
[music] uh business and investors
>> and what a time right you're talking
about less than a month before we had
that talk in Busousan between US and
China where we do have this one-year
trade truce how have things been on the
ground in terms of business and the like
uh and now that things are some have
said may be a bit fragile when it comes
to this trade shoes you add on to a
China Japan spat now does that actually
compl complex things a little bit here
and certainly there's going to be a lot
to talk about in terms of how things
have gone when it comes to AI story too
>> yeah all of those things and I think the
the the tilt uh when you look at the
theme for this year's new economy forum
is not so much the usual navigating the
uncertainty
>> thriving It's thriving. How do we We
need to get used to this and we need to
be able to perform and outperform and
deliver and thrive under these very
extreme
>> conditions whether that's geopolitics,
economics and macroeconomics. Let's get
it over now into the main hall where the
panel is taking place. The great
realignment. Let's take that in.
>> And we are basically following that
trend. We're supporting our customers
follow that trend. Um what's important
here is to realize that there's been
major shifts. So 20 years ago you could
summarize global trade by saying China
manufactures, the US consumer buys and
that's global trade. Um subsequently
China's been manufacturing for the
world. Um what we're seeing more
recently is Asia buys Asia. We're seeing
China manufacture in the world as
opposed to for the world. Um this Asia
buys Asia trend is is is supported a lot
of intraasia the wider Asia Asia Middle
East supported a lot of trade within
this region. It supported a lot of
foreign direct investment in this
region. It supported a lot of employment
in this region and the way we look at it
is with more integration within this
wider region we will add 1.8% to GDP
across the region. Now the US tariffs
will obviously hurt but the estimate we
have is that they will hurt around 0.5%
GDP. So therefore net net this region
can benefit from greater integration uh
within you know we for trade uh and for
FDI and you know Francine this is uh uh
these reconfigurations have been you
know happening throughout our history.
We've been born 160 years ago here in
Asia. We've been 148 years in Singapore.
So I want to say how do we help our
customers? Muscle memory.
>> Muscle memory is is always a good idea.
Chakat, how do you see actually the
economy changing? What's driving it? Is
it geopolitics? Is it AI? Is it
everything in between? Or is it actually
just labor dynamics?
>> Right. Well, it's everything, right? I
mean to be sure, these changes, I would
say, have been accumulating for at least
the last 5 to 10 years. The way we
looked at it is that we looked at
changes sort of at three levels, right?
The first is cyclical. Those are the
stuff that we we have been dealing with,
right? Business cycles. The second is
what we would call structural things
which you could kind of predict. For
example, demographics.
And then finally, in the last few years,
what we are seeing is what we call
foundational, right? I mean the top
three forces for foundational changes
are AI, geopolitics and climate change.
So if you take those three for example
and then you think about the
implications there are a couple
fragmentation is one of them and that
has great implication in terms of you
know how you should allocate capital. It
also has implication in terms of the
macro right net the cost of doing
business is going higher and the cost of
defense and other things will probably
cause a bit of inflation pressure that's
on the macro front I think for
businesses there's also implication of
incumbency versus startup right
especially with technology coming so we
are looking at that very very closely as
as an investor but also thinking about
you know how
managers or operators can add value
right so incumbency take take that as an
example has great advantages especially
in the AI age where you have data you
have customers already those are big
advantages
question is can an incumbent adapt
quickly
right and that you know could decide
whether you end up a winner or losers.
But generally because the span is so
big, right, as this world goes through
all this adjustment, we do see, you
know, kind of a what people might call a
K-shaped
>> uh divergence,
uh the big looks like will get bigger,
right? The the tech, you know, will have
an advantage over the non- tech. So I
think that's another kind of trend that
you know as capital allocator you know
we want to sort of make sure that we put
money on the right side
>> that's again always a good idea to put
money on the right side like how do you
see this fragmentation do you have to
choose between being either an ally of
China or the US
>> so the business we are in is a renewable
energy we believe this is more
foundational layer for different global
like localization.
So you know I always believing the you
know the current geopolitical tension is
coming from
net zero okay zero sum game but
technology innovation is the way to
improve productivity
to break through the zero sum game to
make actually is to make the pie bigger
rather than dividing pile. So that's why
energy technology is most important.
People start to realize now with AI
development the foundation is is about
energy again. So renewable energy even
more fundamental because we are going to
build a foundation on the unlimited
infinite renewable energy which is
supposed to be free.
So know nowadays the technology we are
operating just make me kind of think
about like before industrialization
every country some country have some
coal some countries have not
people are willing buy steaming engine
using steaming engine to build their
industrial foundation for developing
textile and industrial whatever. So the
renewable technology today the wind
turbine is like steaming engine back 200
years ago. So every country have the
wind solar p solar no bring wind turbine
solar panel energy storage you create a
modern energy system upon that you can
build your modern you know localized
manufacturing
supply chain so that what I see is
that's still a common ground on the
foundational level
>> I mean the difference I guess with the
steam engine period is this overlay of
geopolitics is it difficult to navigate
>> um I think you the as I said is if you
actually get away from zero sum game so
if you always think the inclusive
development collaborations there are
still huge rooms to be collaborative
>> um Jose give me a sense of what this
tumult means actually for Hyundai and
your supply chains so how much have they
changed and how much does it change the
idea of a great realignment is that at
some point you reach the end point where
it's it's fixed is is that how we should
see it or is Is it ever evolving?
[snorts]
>> It's ever evolving. So this is a
fundamental shift, right? So we are an
international Korean company and then a
lot of the production takes place in
Korea and then because we are vertically
integrated, we own our own suppliers
like Mois, Globis and others. And then
it means that um if you want to succeed
in the new environment for example you
cannot afford paying 25% tariffs or 15%
tariffs and being competitive in the
market. So you need to completely change
that. How do you do that? You need to
change your your supply chain. You need
to invest in the in the local markets
but you need to improve fundamentally
your operation. So for example you need
to have better quality and you have to
have more higher productivity and lower
cost. How do you do that? We utilize AI.
We utilize robotics to Boston Dynamics.
So we bring the latest and greatest
technology to our plants. I'm very proud
to say that we are the only OEM
producing here in Singapore the Ioni 5
in the state-of-the-art factory. It's
almost an autonomous factory. So people
are talking about autonomous driving. We
we are doing already the autonomous
factory. And then the only thing that is
not autonomous is the management, right?
So we need real executives to manage the
situation to make the most out of it.
But fundamentally manufacturing becomes
way more important because you cannot
just rely on the old way of producing
vehicles increasing your cost. You
cannot just pass the cost into the
customer because otherwise you lose your
your business. So it's a fundamental
realignment that requires a lot of um
speed. We call this in our company poly
pali. So this is our strength. you we
change very fast and we try to apply
also good planning which we call midy
midi so palyp pali midi midi success
factors to change very fast on a very
strong plan and how you do that I I said
to my American colleagues when you at
the same time had to produce and sell
cars you go to the 405 in Los Angeles
everybody knows the millions of cars
passing there they're always working
always transforming so they can never
shut down and say hey let's do this
quickly now we cannot do that either so
we need to maintain our investors happy
think we're doing a decent decent job
there but it's a fundamental change but
again looking in the mid to long term
it's all about investing being more
local so you cannot anymore rely on I'm
a global company I produce in Korea I
ship cars everywhere and that's it no
the solution for each market is a
different one and in our particular case
obviously US very very important we
cannot just simply abandon but in a way
this could be an opportunity if for
example some of the competitors cannot
in that market. China we see as an
opportunity right so it's a large market
that's growing things are changing also
we want to do better there Europe
regulation is having a huge impact but
fundamental fundamentally you know
things that we used to do once every six
months and then maybe once every one
month during co now it's like every day
the regulation change what do you do
okay IRA is no longer there what do you
do how about listen how about this so
it's a lot of very active hands from
proactive management to make the most
out of this situation and take
advantage. This is an opportunity for
those who are better than others. Huh.
It
>> it also sounds exhausting as a leader.
Does it need does it [laughter] you know
is it different leadership qualities
that you need in 2025 to deal with all
the changes?
>> Definitely. Yes. I think uh we we need
to have people who are very connected
who are all the time talking to the
shareholders to the investors but also
to the end customer to your dealers to
the politicians. So we are spending more
time more time talking to politicians
than in my previous life right because
things change so dramatically and if you
are late then you lose right so it
changes dramatically but then uh we need
to uh be in good shape we need to sleep
fast as I say so there's not so much
opportunity to to sleep in a day and
then always keep changing keep adapting
and uh and this is what is making our
group one of the best performing groups
nowadays under the leadership of us
>> Chang. I mean, do you hear the same? Are
you like a banker to exhausted CEOs that
are just trying to, you know, survive a
little sleep to try and keep up with the
news flow?
>> Yeah. Everything Jose said, music to,
you know, is basically the story of my
life. So, [laughter]
so, so it it is absolutely true. Um, I I
think what's important here is to see
through certain of the short-term
challenges. I mean, you know, we have a
resilient business. uh we've we've been
growing in the number of areas even the
areas most challenged such as trade has
been growing quarter after quarter
steadily robustly we're here to support
our customers we're here to provide them
working capital facilities where they
need it etc and that's doing well if I
look at our share price uh it's
performed well but if you look at the
volatility of our share price is mostly
been driven by speculation on what the
taxation is going to be so the
underlying business and the resilience
is here but it's the short-term
speculation, not even fact, speculation
of what's the taxation on banks
specifically in the UK that's driven
most of the volatility in our sh. So,
you have to see through that. You can't
let this wake you up at night. Uh what
should wake up us up at night is what's
the future going to hold? How are we
able to transform with the technology
disruption? Are we going to be on that
journey or are we going to be uh you
know, if you want left behind and we
can't afford the latter, right? So, we
need to be on that journey. Do do you
see a world where you could also have
competing financial systems actually or
splitting off in different networks?
>> Is that a step too far?
>> So the short answer francine is no. Um
now there are some countries some
jurisdictions that have been that have
been excluded from the financial system
for you know many for years some for
decades and I can see a flag behind you.
those countries have been excluded for
various um geopolitical reasons and
they're not in the financial everything
else we see it as a cohesive financial
system. I want to give you some
illustration fine um 60% of our largest
customers wholesale customers in
mainland China are US companies and mind
that these are not US companies who are
looking to manufacture in China to sell
back into the US. The vast majority of
them are actually manufacturing mainland
in China for the China domestic market
or for the Asian market opportunities.
Right now they are very successful.
They're making very good revenues and
very good profits from this business and
they're paying very large dividends back
into the US for the US shareholders. So
so that that is not going to go away.
That is the reality of how this world is
integrated and how the financial system
is integrated. I can say exactly the
same thing about India. Okay? I can say
for instance, you and I live in London,
right? I can if you jump on a, you know,
an electric black cab or you jump on an
electric double-decker red bus or if
you're buying um renewable energy in the
UK, chances are you're buying Chinese
and and that's the reality
>> and and that you're not expecting it to
change.
>> I I I think the resilience of this
underlying fabric is is absolutely here
to stay. What has changed is that there
are certain assets which have now become
or dee be deemed national uh security
assets such as code genai type code such
as chips semiconductors the most
advanced ones of them such as data and
cloud
>> and those assets are going to fragment
those assets are going to have national
boundaries uh you know you know data has
had national boundaries for some time
data visas are required to move data
around regulation is started to have
lots of national boundaries and there's
going to be more highly strategic assets
that will have national boundaries and
we as the financial system but also all
our customers will have to respect that
and ensure that we're protecting um you
know the the the national considerations
for these but you step out of these
assets and there's a multitude there's a
huge ocean of opportunities where uh
business is still conducted on a
crossber basis and business will
continue to be conducted in crossboard
debates and we believe that is that's
going to be the case and
>> check out where are we actually in this
global realignment are we 60% there are
we 70% there or is it ever evolving and
again was it accelerated by the Trump
administration
or was it a sea change
>> right I guess under this theme of
realignment there are several threats
right you have uh I think what we have
seen so far has been on the security
side on the trade side on the supply
chain side I think finance you know is
the one that I'm worried about right
because uh I think for other parts there
are some very difficult issue let's say
on trade uh with the tariff and all this
adjustment is not really the fundamental
right because the fundamental has to
come down to investment savings
imbalances across countries
It's a very difficult rewiring of that.
Essentially, I think the Chinese need to
increase their consumption. The
Americans need to reduce the
consumption. But that's a very difficult
uh sort of balance to achieve. Uh trade
in a way is a symptom of that. Right? So
that is happening but maybe just frankly
at the surface. supply chain uh rewiring
is very expensive, right? Because we
already have had this kind of kind of
global arrangement for so many years.
Many of the parts are already in place
for decades. To try and shift that uh is
going to be very costly and actually is
very risky, right? because a disruption
in one part can send you know shock wave
into the whole chain. We have seen it in
fact right quite a few example but I'm
hoping that on the f finance side we
don't get there that there's enough
wisdom that a big part of that global
financial system in a way is global good
right it's public good right um so be
very careful in rewiring that I was just
talking to an institution that is
involved in that uh whole kind of uh
plumbing system and they are in a
certain jurisdiction.
uh and of course because of that they
are subject to the law of the land and
if the country imposes for example
sanction on another country they have to
comply right but actually at that
institution if you look at their
function which is really global public
good I was joking with them that they
should be subject to UN uh security
council's uh jurisdiction [laughter] you
That's enough veto right to make sure
that they are not uh having to act in a
certain way because once you touch that
uh financial plumbing
>> I think there will be a lot of
unintended consequences and the cost
will be significantly higher than what
we have seen on the trade side
>> but do you worry therefore I mean do
what do you worry exactly about is it
like unpredictable inflation or you know
some weaponization systemic
weaponization of financial instin
>> right
>> do you see decoupling in the world like
real decoupling
>> there I think there are a lot of
temptation to do that
>> no
>> but so far I'm quite encouraged that the
people in charge I think have the wisdom
to recognize that it might backfire
>> Jose can you update us on what happened
at the Georgia battery plant in the US
>> so there was a raid and you said that
will set you back two three months
>> right so that was um bad surprise and
then the number one surprise was that I
received a phone call and then what
happened and and then it was not our
plant but it was portrayed as if it was
our plant. It was an LG plant and then
we are shareholders but it's a separate
plant from the assembly plant. Well, I
think um that was a kind of independent
activity
from either the federal government and
the state government. I got phone phone
call from the white house apologizing
for what happened. They were not aware.
They didn't know. So why this is
happening when the company as part of
the South Korea tariff negotiation is
really making big commitments to invest
in the country. As I mentioned earlier,
$26 billion in the next four years
versus $20.5 billion in the last 40
years, which is the time we've already
in the US. That was a kind of a big
surprise. The governor
of Georgia, Governor Kemp, also called
me and said, you know, I don't know what
happened. This is not a state
jurisdiction. So, apparently, somebody
made a phone call and made it look like
there were illegal immigrants. That's
absolutely [clears throat] not the case
and in fact President Trump didn't want
those workers to get back to Korea. The
fact is there are a number of jobs that
require to be specialized and in
particular in the battery business and a
number of processes and technologies
that are not available in in a very
well-developed country like the United
States and then you need to bring
specialized people to do it. The system
the immigration system does not
recognize that. So I think if uh we want
to be positive, I always try to apply
the PMA attitude, positive mental
attitude, right? So the the good thing
is that as a result, we've had a lot of
uh discussions with the federal
government, with the state, with the
immigration authorities both in Korea
and in the United States. And now we're
finding very good permanent solution not
only for our suppliers like LG, but for
our own people. we have thousands of
people who come and help us to establish
the operation and then they go back to
to Korea and I think for others as well
we're coordinating much better among all
the all the companies that are impacted
and I think at the same time
>> and it has indented actually your
commitment to the US in this
>> not at all not at all I mean we need to
look at the things in in the long term
this happened right one week before we
were having the very first co investor
day outside of Korea in the history of
the company and it was me the first non
Korean CEO making the presentation in
New York and they they asked they asked
me are you going to change your plans?
Oh no, we are not here for the short
term. We've been in this country for
many years. This is the number one
market is where we make the most. We
cannot just simply because something
happened which is obviously an accident
and then you get even apologies from
from the president of the United States
just saying that this is this is going
to change our plan. No, on the contrary
I said we double down. We want to
maintain our investment in the country.
We think that in the mid to long term
things are going to get better. But
obviously we need to make also a lot of
adjustments to the supply chain to the
products that we're going to produce.
But ultimately it's all about having
good products in the market being very
competitive, high quality, top safety,
durability, reliability to be
competitive uh in the marketplace. If
you don't get back to your fundamentals
and you change your strategy when you
have an event, then things are going to
change. So for example, by the end of
September, IRA finished, right? And then
the OEMs and the the consumers were
getting benefit of $7,500
if you bought an electric vehicle. Well,
we see what happens in China. We see
what happens in Europe and even in the
United States. In many states, you know,
the EV is a better solution for the
consumer. So we have maintained our
plan. We not only maintain the Savannah
plant investment, which is about 12.6 6
billion
and more than 8,500 people. But we have
announced an expansion but then what
we're doing with this expansion instead
of doing all electric vehicles we're
going to produce also hybrid er extended
range EV and f fuel cell EV etc. So
flexibility adaptability being very fast
to be able to capitalize on the on the
new situation. So I remember we were
announcing the new factory the the grand
opening in March the liberation day when
the [clears throat] president announced
the tariffs.
>> Perfect timing.
>> Perfect timing. So they were asking me
wow you are such a visionaire right. So
you knew this was happening and then you
are localizing. I said yes exactly.
[laughter] So said the things don't work
this way right. So you need to have a
plan, stick to your plan, adapt it, be
very fast and always look at the
different players to maintain a good
performance to uh you know your
shareholders and ultimately to uh
delight your customers. We call it son
nim which is the honor guest concept in
Korea.
>> So just a reminder we have 10 minutes
left and I'm still waiting for
questions. So feel free otherwise I have
a million more questions. Um Lelay when
you look at what you were talking about
renewables but also AI I mean in this
new everchanging ever evolving world who
will be the winners and losers and
actually how much disruption are you
expecting in your own company in five
years
>> right so in vision we not cons considers
ourself at energy company we also
position ourself as a AI company we are
applying you know physical AI in
particular which is more than a large
language model. We're going to put this
physical laws in the AI models to
harness the energy system. For instance,
today we are making our green hydrogen
as cost competitive as great today
already is 1.5 million ton green
ammonium facility has been built up. So
the first phase three 300,000 tongue but
reach the cost parity. Why? How can we
change to manage that? We put this wind
solar storage in the Gobi desert of
Inner Mongolia. The only resources we
are use is wind and sunshine and the
waste water from the city. There are
three elements. Then we create green
hydrogen and green ammonia. So how can
we achieve that? AI is play very
important role. Firstly, we're building
AI climate foundation model which make
us to look through the weather pattern
which is supposed to supercomputing to
figure out whether happening if beyond
seven days no clue but we are able to
have improved 50% accuracy for weather
forecasting then we are able to
adjusting all the renewable production.
Secondly, because the system is so so
complex, it's the largest independent
renewable energy system in the world. So
have so many devices
human coordination is almost impossible.
We're using AI of course with physical
boundary to manage such a electrical and
a chemical facility. So then we are able
to using 100% renewable energy which we
are because a the green hydrogen cost
80% coming from electricity we have such
a low cost electricity then we making
green hydrogen cost competitive so
that's we already feel this is the
impact of AI but we also using that
project as a trading base for energy
foundation model because it's
independent system and to end is so
complicated. We are trading our model
every day. So then it's become much more
much more, you know, efficient.
>> Thank you. So we only have a couple of
minutes left. So I'll ask you, you know,
almost like fire like fire quick fire
rapid questions. Chad, we have a
question now. The Q&A questions are
coming in. I have many. H how do you
think about ddollarization and
implications for emerging alternatives
to the dollar? Is it stable coin? Is it
digital baskets? And I guess this goes
back to my underlying questions which is
winners and losers over over the next
decade.
>> Yeah, I mean this question has been you
know talked about quite a lot right? Uh
I guess different definition to this
darization.
One version is that will the US lose its
uh reserve currency uh status?
uh that seems like a remote uh
possibility right unless I guess the
foundation right of the US system cracks
uh we we don't really see that right
there are some challenges with regard to
you know debt and fiscal position growth
is very important uh it does seem like a
lot of uh things are riding on AI right
to get growth there's a lot of reliance
on AI delivering productivity. So if it
if that doesn't happen, you might get a
bit of a hairline crack, you know, to
some of this. But we don't we don't see
that. There aren't clear alternative. I
mean, I would say in the currency
market, uh investors sort of adjusting
their currency exposure is quite a
normal thing, right? If you have let's
say a very high exposure to a particular
currency or country adjusting it down
10%. It's not uh unusual and the the
good thing is that financial market
today allows for this kind of uh
adjustment. So I would say that you know
there are enough levers for uh investors
and other participants to adjust the
position without causing a big uh
problem.
Um, I agree with Chaot. Um, just to give
you some numbers. 50% of global payments
are done in dollars. 60% of global
reserves are US dollar based. 80% of
trade is financed in dollars and more
than 95% of foreign exchange is done
against dollar. So that will erode but
that's not going to change the landscape
that dollar remains the major currency
right that it will erode because um
there will be diversification there will
be usage of other currencies there'll be
more and more usage of gold in reserve
management but it's not going to
materially change the picture certainly
not in my career probably not in my
lifetime uh this being said payment
trails and this is kind of going back to
what Lelay was saying payment trails
will evolve I mean we are still on
payment trails that have been invented
many decades ago. Um, and they're become
much more efficient of course over the
many decades. But the fact that we need
a refresh 24/7 instantaneous
frictionless payment capabilities which
could be provided among other by
blockchain technology is is definitely a
likely outcome of diversification of
payment rails and it's very important
that we work on them, we test them, we
make them more and more resilient, we
make them bank grade standard, financial
services grade standard. Um but but it
that evolution is much more real than if
you want a dolorization.
>> Um Jose, when when you look at winners
and losers, I know that you have a very
clear advantage certainly because of
when you look at Elon Musk's, you know,
focus on robots and humanoid robots.
You're like decades ahead. But given the
fast pace of advance be driverless cars
of robotics, I mean is that enough?
couple of decades advancing
>> is never enough. And in fact, whilst our
company is I would argue one of the most
advanced I think we are a technology
company who happens to be in the
automotive business, right? Because we
we produce chips. We have robots with
Boston Dynamics. We do logistics with
Glob. We have our our own bank and the
capital.
Our autonomous driving company,
Motional, for example. But that's never
enough. So as an example, we thought
that strategically it would be good for
us to have a strong partnership with the
best domestic company for example in the
US. So we made a partnership with
General Motors right to co-produce to
co-develop and to achieve synergies in
terms of localization when Hyundai plus
Kia plus Genesis are the third largest
OEM in volume, the second in profits,
but we still think we could have more
synergy. So we partnered with the GM, we
made a partnership with Whimo for
example for robot taxis or with Amazon
for online sales and many others. Right?
So we uh think that AI, robotics,
autonomous driving, all this is here
today. We have the technology today and
it's more a m a matter of regulation. So
therefore we need to look uh for the
next frontiers and continue to adapt.
Again the fundamentals is the most
important. How do you take advantage of
this? And then to to your earlier point
uh CK so I think very very important to
avoid having a transformation where you
lose business is how you transform when
you grow. So we presented a plan to grow
35% volume by 2030 55% on Genesis which
is double digit profit. So you have to
think forward breakthrough to be able to
navigate winning instead of you know
thinking you know you're going to lose.
So the you either grow or go. So you
have to be careful. Gentlemen, thank you
so much for a spirited conversation.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you. [applause]
>> All right, there you go. A fantastic
[music]
panel there. The great realignment is
what I was called and and really heard
from the likes of HSBC's George Altery.
You had Jose Munos from Hyundai really
talking about the change in dynamics
when it comes to of course how you look
at US China relations and really when it
comes to this whole concern of
decoupling when it comes to the
financial system I think they said you
know there is it is still intact
according to HSBC that you know what
what does what I thought was interesting
is that what does get different and what
changes
>> is the amount of assets that have become
nationalized when you look at gold when
you look at chips and AI and the like.
So certainly that's going to be a key
focus here throughout the shows too. I
mean it's it's a really fantastic way to
kick things off. Yeah.
>> Just the just being able to define
concepts, you know, thriving in the age
of extremes and the great realignment,
right? So what is changing
>> and what is not
>> and what isn't? What isn't, right? Let's
not spend time on things that are not
shifting as much as to be consequential
to things. The DD dollarization was
going to be interesting. That's another
theme to be, you know, we'll continue to
watch as well. But yes, I think one
thing that stood out is really national
security.
that we need to be used and we'll just
have to wait and see how we just muddle
our way through this. And of course as
things reorganize here uh inside the
great hall right beside us uh of course
Tom Orlic uh is is coming on very very
soon for our Bloomberg subscribers. You
can tune into your terminal for what's
going on there. TIV go of course is the
function you run a lot of great
commentary and context on everything
else that was mentioned there. some
size, scope and certainly more important
context on everything including
including also the underlying data that
does manifest uh in the form of the
changes taking place these paradigm
shifts taking place but yeah so we
believe they're for now uh and revisit
things once of course things gets
underway get in sight
>> let's get a little bit more take on what
these markets are looking like of course
we're seeing another day of selling here
and risk assets being sort of uh bearing
the brunt of it joining us now from
Chicago is Vivian Lynn Thirstston
partner portfolio manager uh at William
Blair. Vivian uh thanks for staying up
with us and certainly you know this is
coming at a time when we are seeing a
lot of questions around the whole AI
story and what the Fed's going to do.
What do you think is really kind of
driving this de-risking across markets
now globally?
Yeah, I think the number one driver is
about the Fed decision. Uh as we know
that as the prospect of the rate cuts in
the US start to come down. Uh it tend to
be a negative backdrop for emerging
markets or the risk assets. First of
all, the US dollar could stay firm for
longer and that means not a good news
for emerging markets currency and more
importantly I think will be uh global
investors cost of capital will
potentially stay high for longer and
that will reduce their appetite to
invest uh foreign equities. So Chinese
equities will be one example of that. So
I think a lot of that is driven by this
expectation.
Vivian David here maybe just to build on
that thought. What have you done
recently as far as your different
exposures are concerned? Have you been
actively adjusting? Have you been
writing this one out until we get more
clarity? I think just give us a sense of
what's kept you busy the last couple of
weeks.
>> Yeah. And and to a large extent that we
have seen a lot of appreciation of the
holdings we have. I think that's along
with the market as you kind of see that
MSI China yet today appreciate about
34%. And actually outperform both
emerging markets equities and also S&P
500. So that's part of the also action
we've seen across the board. There's a
profit taking going on. Uh so from our
perspective uh we also start to take
some profit especially for those stories
start to play out more than we expected
but in the same time we also continue to
hold on to those companies uh with the
innovation kind of a drive going forward
which we believe will continue to
support earnings and upgrade going into
2026. uh so I think we we definitely
treat different ideas companies
differently and then definitely hold a
very much a bottom up kind of approach
uh looking at this.
>> Yeah. I mean you mentioned the
outperformance we've seen in Chinese
equities this year. I mean we're we're
set to overtaking the likes of of the US
for 2025. What what does 2026 look like?
Can we sort of have the same sort of
returns next year versus this year or
you know is this year sort of the the
best that we can get?
>> Yes. So I I tend to look at two
different factors. You know it's very
hard to predict the market movement and
that's for sure but I think there's some
aspect we can kind of uh outline here.
Number one about earnings. So basically
if you look at equity market is earnings
and multiples right. So earnings if I
look at Chinese companies and the
forward we're looking I think in 2026 on
the broader base I think the estimates
about 10% plus kind of earnings growth
and that's a broad-based which is higher
than this year estimates about high
single digit and part of that is uh both
the innovationdriven industry going to
continue to see earnings uh upgrade. So
for the technologydriven or internet
driven kind of industries and companies
we've seen that earnings growth being
double digit even in 2025 and it could
be even higher
approach to 20% in uh 2026. uh so that's
I think it's a pretty positive kind of
aspect and then outside of those more
growthy technologydriven industries I
would expect certain recovery given that
2025 remain a pretty weak year for the
broad-based economy of China so we see
broad-based corporate fundamentals just
remain in this kind of weak spot so
those companies start to recover that
will also support the broader uh Chinese
uh kind of equity market in terms of the
earnings revision and then in terms of
multiples I think it is a little bit
challenging to predict uh if without the
US Fed interest rate policy impact and
also continue ongoing US China trade
relations I do think that Chinese equity
could see if not higher multiples but
continue to stay at this level given
that if you look at MSI China forward PE
is only about 12 times. So if you think
about on the pec perspective still very
attractive versus S&P 500 traded nearly
22 times forward PE with earnings
probably grow mines. uh so from without
the non-fundamental factors I do think
2026 could still be a a good year for
Chinese equities right but then the
unknown comes from the policies the US
interest rate policies and then the
related also AI spending on the global
level so that I think also remain
unknown especially that will have impact
on the fundamental side for the Chinese
companies as
Vivian, you alluded to what what's done
well and what could do well next year if
if the economy the rest of the economy
improves. Let me rephrase that.
>> Is is that a hope or is that an
expectation of yours? And does that
cause a rotation out of the big winners
this year or do you get a broad-based
rally? What's what what what's your
suspicion?
>> Yes. So, I think from mathematical
perspective base effect will get easier.
uh meaning that I mean that that part of
economy whether it's consumer whether is
property market whether it's some fixed
asset investment has been very weak for
actually multiple years already so I
think as base pack gets easier and
that's how normally the cyclical
industry tend to recover or the cyclical
downturn start to stabilize and become a
potential uptrend so that's one kind of
analysis
from mathematical perspective having
said that um we've been on this kind of
a pretty weak pattern for some period of
time. So there's a possibility 2020 is
to become the same year in terms of the
continued deflation but I was I would
say the odds is on a recovery front
given every year goes by the base effect
gets a little bit better and easier. Uh
so if any I think that's one hope plus
analysis driven kind of expectation. Uh
and the other thing I think we've been
talking about Chinese policy so far
being kind of lacking. Uh so we don't
know whether 2026 if they were able to
come up with something
>> maybe more meaningful.
>> Yeah. Not large amount but something
marginal and that would still help.
>> Well if you put it that way I can't we
can't argue with with how the way math
works and the base effects. Vivian,
thank you so much uh for taking the
time. We'll speak to you next year.
We'll see what happens. Vivian uh Lin
Thirstston, their partner and portfolio
manager, William uh William Blair.
Right, we're going to take a short break
on the other side of it. We'll be having
a conversation more of course coming
here coming to you live from the
Bloomberg new economy forum taking place
here in the Lion City and Byron Pay will
be joining us the head of HSBC backed
fintech platform [music] Dow joining us
for a conversation next what they're up
to funding plans and everything in
between. This is the China show. Good
morning
start thinking for themselves and
temperatures continue to rise.
Changes not seen in 100 years might not
be the half of it. We've got a lot to
talk about.
>> All right, that's Bloomberg economics is
Tom Orlic there uh on stage and
certainly talking about uh what the
state of the global economy is going to
look like here for 2026. [music]
You know, it's thriving in the age of
extremes of course is the theme of the
new economy of forum here in Singapore
this year. And certainly we've been
talking about this kind of realignment,
right? Uh of really at a time when
America is chasing for these America
first policies, is it at risk of
alienating this part of the world? But
what we're seeing is that you know you
see China, India, Southeast Asia all
finding ways to collaborate too and as
they try to find a more of a neutral
stance too as well.
>> Yeah. I mean the timing of this is could
could not have been better following
just about a month of course after your
coverage and when you guys went to uh to
Korea of course but then just soon after
that the comp and let me just complicate
the math even further. While what's
taking place between the two have really
driven many parties together, we're
suddenly dealing with a Chinese Japanese
tension that's taking place right now.
>> Yeah. Uh and that certainly is the the
big thing to watch given that you know
we're still seeing that the Japanese or
at least the prime minister Takiichi
hasn't retracted her comments what
Beijing has has demanded in some ways
when you listen to the rhetoric and you
know our Tara Kamura from BE had a very
interesting sort of talk about this
about you know there there is no re
incentive for her to do so given the
fact that she campaigned on very on a
very nationalistic campaign uh and so
there you go um that's one to watch
right does this whole sort of China,
Japan, spat affect in any way, you know,
the US and China trade truce, right? If
we see continued flare-ups here, if
China, for example, retaliates in some
ways and some people have talked about,
you know, the the targeting of critical
minerals once again, right? If they
start to use that trade weapon once
again, does it sort of lead the US to
get involved in some ways? We have a
great panel of guests, right? We've been
firing up uh all the guests that are
speaking here at the new economy forum
that are going to be talking about these
very issues. Everything from John
Waldron we talked about there. Uh we
have of course we've been talking uh to
APCO uh the chairman James Merrick will
be joining us there in the top of the
hour to talk about his trip to China
right he just returned after a monthlong
uh trip there and we'll talk a little
bit more of our of course about crossber
e-commerce with Dow sure coming up
plenty more ahead this is Bloomberg
>> [music]
>> Right. Welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. We're we are live of course
here at the New Economy Forum taking
place in Singapore and we're focused in
on really the fintech sector at this
point in time. In which way are people
doing business? Small businesses all the
way up in scale. Uh we're joined here in
set by Shenzhen based Tawir. Of course
they provide of course crossber
financing services greater China
Southeast Asia. They're in the middle of
funding round. They're growing by 23x.
So fantastic to be here joined and set
here by Byron Pay of course the founder
and the CEO. Good morning.
>> Morning.
>> How's business been this year?
>> Yeah it's fantastic. Yeah, this year we
have reached a 100% growth and during
the past five years uh 2.5x ker. Yeah,
it's pretty good. Yeah.
>> How, if any, have trade tensions between
the US, China impacted your business in
any way? I mean, obviously we're we're
in a one-year truce now between US and
China.
>> Have things picked up in the last few
few weeks? What can you tell us from
what your merchants are saying? Yeah. So
the US China relation is very important
for crossful e-commerce. But you know
e-commerce is quite flexible. So the
merchant they are using all the kind of
approaches to the risk. But fortunately
in the next year the tense will be used.
So everybody was very excited to do more
business on crossbow e-commerce. Yeah.
since the maybe just to build on Ivon's
question on it affects how e-commerce
flows in the direction of flows and the
magnitude of the flows. Have you seen
any pickup recently because of the that
meeting between President Xi and
President Trump and things to your point
going into next year seem to be on
smoother a smoother foundation going
into what have you seen anything pick up
in the last few weeks or so as far as
flows? Yeah, I see you know it's going
to be the peak season. So every merchant
they're preparing inventories, they're
doing marketing campaigns. They won't
see the opportunity. Yeah. So just as
said the merchant are quite flexible.
They are not only focusing on the China
US corridor but they also seek
opportunity to sell to the Europe,
Southeast Asia and also they want to you
know uh decentralize their you know uh
business
to all the world. So we can see a lot of
Chinese outbound merchants are setting
up entities in Southeast Asia starting
from Hong Kong and even some of them are
investing in the US to become maybe US
made brands.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So I think that quite flexible
model.
>> Yeah. To
>> So you still see Chinese companies
willing to expand in the US?
>> Yes.
>> Even with these intentions. Okay.
>> And how does that affect your planning?
Are you following because a lot of what
you do is following these clients
around. What are your expansion plans?
Is it is it Southeast Asia? Is that your
next big growth area?
>> Yes, you know we uh partner with the
e-commerce marketplace giants like
Amazon, Walmart, eBay, Shopee to help
them to build and improve the seller
lending program to help the merchants on
their platforms to grow. So wherever the
merchant goes, we will accommodate with
them and to help them to have a
localized financial services. On the
other hand, we partner with the local
banks just like HSBC which is also our
street investor.
>> Yeah. So on every market we have the
local banks to connect with the
marketplace to provide the merchants
with affordable accessible and instant
credit to help them to grow. Yeah.
>> Um tell us a bit more about the the the
financing side of things. Uh you know
you just completed a series C round.
What are sort of the fundraising that
you're looking at now? And do do you
need to raise more money? Yeah, it's
quite a challenge you know considering
the fintac issues the political rules.
So we were lucky to have HSBC as our
leading investor in our series. Now
we're seeking you know uh following
around uh the potential investors
includes uh international banks
take uh partners and as well as global
VCs. When do you when do you plan to
close this this ongoing round and do you
have a do you have a target in mind? How
much do you well how much do you want to
raise and how much do you need to raise
those might be two different figures.
>> Yeah. So we need to expand to you know
uh follow our merchants globally. So we
want to raise 30 to 50 million US to
help us do the expansion. So uh we are
hoping to close this round in uh 3 to 6
months. Okay. Yeah, definitely.
>> Um, in terms of just this in can you
tell us more about this fast payment
that you're seeing this innovate
merchant fast payment service that
you're about to launch next month? How
does it work?
>> Yeah, so it's a quite important you know
um finance tool for uh merchants. So we
will co-aunch that product together with
Amazon which is our strategic partners.
So uh that feature will enhance our
customer experience. It will automated
the repayment uh for the merchants which
will accelerate their business 10 lower
days from 90 days to 176 days which
means a 16% increase for their
efficiency that will help the merchant
to drive more profits in order to
provide you know competitive uh prices
for the end users. Yeah. So next year we
hope to covering 50,000 sellers and
we'll you know
>> how many are you doing now?
>> We are now uh have served the 50,000
sellers across Asia.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. During the past four years
together with our partners we have
dispatched
1.5 billion US to over 15,000
>> sellers. And as you plan not just the
business but the the service and the
product, what are the what are some of
the big or the major enhancements to the
offering that you foresee that you need
to put in place over the next few years?
Yeah, I think AI matters because now we
are yeah building our uh proprietary OLM
to train them model to understand the
e-commerce language and to help the
banks to understand more in order to
prove you know better rates better
credit limits and the customer
experience. So we are helping many banks
to do that. So now on our platform the
>> do you have your own LLM or are you
using somebody else?
>> We're using somebody else. Okay. Yes.
Okay.
>> We are working on that.
>> Interesting.
>> And then we're looking out for an IPO
soon, right Byron? What?
>> I have a three-ear plan. Three year plan
for IPO. Yes. Okay.
>> Yeah. I mean we still entrepreneur. I
already you know have my first company
listed
>> back to 2016. Yeah. So this time I want
to be a much larger volume scale. Yeah.
For IPO.
>> Okay. Big ambitions.
>> Yeah. Byron, it's great to have you.
Byron Pay there, CEO and founder of
Dowore, which in Chinese means Sha Baal,
if you know.
>> Yeah.
>> Red Bean. Red.
>> Red Bean. Ba. Yeah. Uh we're going to
have plenty more coming up [laughter]
live coming for him [clears throat] all
morning. Of course, we talk about just
the long list of guests that'll be
joining us here. Appco Worldwise,
Greater China Chairman, M. McGregor is
going to be joining us here talking
about the business environment in the
next hour here really uh and for a look
at what else is coming up on our shows.
Right. We got a panel. We're going to
talk about digital bridge there. You
know this invest they're kind of the
alternative asset manager that looks at
of course investing in the whole digital
uh infrastructure space. But we'll have
a lot more of course the next few hours
here from the blueber new economy forum
there the likes of Fonta New Bank LSEG
Hyundai Motors Jose Munos who's going to
be just finishing up his panel of course
and coming here on TV later on.
>> Okay. Yeah. We will we will we will take
you straight now inside. So that's a
preview what is coming up what is going
on at the present. straight inside of
course is I believe our colleague Sher
an is leading the current panel. Let's
let's listen in shall we?
>> And for example as a first and we you
know we had our first workshop in June
and now we had our first ministerial
declaration and guess what on supply
chain security. Uh so these are exactly
the topics that we have decided that
smaller and mediumsiz economies would
like uh to work together. Prudence, how
do developing economies fit into this
broader context?
>> Um, first of all, we have to understand
that the multilateral trading system is
now more unpredictable
than ever before. Um, and one of the
strategies that uh small countries like
Rwanda uh has to adopt uh is to
diversify our markets. Um we we are
talking about S South Corporation. Uh
FITP uh is one good model uh of S South
Corporation because we have
traditionally relied on European and US
market for so long. Uh because of AGOA
uh we have been a beneficiary uh of AGOA
with the US market. We have been
beneficiary of the GSP uh with EU. uh
but all these uh trade uh schemes are
are getting to an end. So now we have to
invest more in diversifying our market.
We have to invest more uh in looking for
new opportunities for uh for investment
and also for our export market.
>> Is it tricky to sort of set yourself in
one camp when you have the two largest
superpowers in the world competing?
Yeah, but uh for me uh when you have the
two superpowers
uh in this game uh I see it as an
opportunity.
Why? Because uh we have seen recently
some investment relocating. M
>> if for example um a Chinese company that
used to access US market is unable to do
so because producing from China doesn't
give them access to the US market then
they will find it appropriate to move to
a country like Rwanda uh where
regulatory environment is conducive uh
where uh we are enjoying actually the
baseline tariff with the US which is
just 10% %
>> the lowest of all the tariff that US has
set for countries.
>> David, you are diversifying your
manufacturing already.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. Yes. That's one of the approach we
take and so um historically our volume
is mostly in China because of the China
EV. And now what we see is that I half
jokingly tell people it's a China ping
pong team meaning that we're fighting
each other so hard domestically. The
truth is that when you go out of the
border, you realize that you're so much
more competitive
>> and because of your domestic industry
because China EV is leading. So what we
find is that global customers, they come
to us, they're like, "It's crazy you
guys can do such a high quality part at
such a price and do you lose money or
like we're getting by." So they're like,
"Okay, [laughter]
how about you set up factories and set
up supply chains outside China so that
you can better work with my volumes in
the rest of the world." And uh because
we have that super capability to control
the cost, crank up the volume, we get to
do that. Of course, this increase the
cost, but in the end, if you compare
what we have to what my US European
competitors have, it's still a very
different game. So the customers are
very happily taking that part.
>> How big of an impact is not only the
technical side of your business, but
reputational when you have the Pentagon
blacklisting your company?
>> This is the history. I'm sure not any
people know. And so we were uh being uh
uh we were on one of the list and uh we
fought really hard and we actually sue
the US government, the DoD and actually
the the the the judge came out saying
that we really didn't find direct
evidence and which means that the only
consequence for me is I couldn't supply
to the US military which I didn't even
do. But the problem is that without
restriction, people will look at me,
they think, "Oh, what have you done
wrong? Why did you piss off the most
powerful country in the world?" Like the
truth is we're just trying to do a
civilian parts. But then people think we
have reputation damage and that's
actually true. We have to explain, look,
you need to look at the evidence. And
that was the part that was definitely
not helping my business. But thank God
that people are still looking at the
facts, still looking at what's really
can be verified. And that's uh over the
time it's been a year and a half I think
it's a people start to understand the
situation.
>> The US merit for example has been
unhappy and with the global training
system with a multilateral framework for
a very long time. This actually goes
beyond just Trump 2.0.
>> Oh absolutely. Uh I think you know
disappointment with the multilateral
system has started very soon after the
WTO was formed and China joined and uh
you know uh so I I think the point was
made earlier that it's been years uh of
frustration with the inability of
countries to come together to negotiate
and modernize rules and frameworks you
uh uh among 168 plus countries by
consensus. It's just not working. Uh but
that doesn't mean that trade isn't
expanding. Um uh the rule frameworks
have just not been multilaterally and
things are moving a little bit more
regionally and bilaterally in terms of
frameworks. And now some of them are
softer than they used to be. They used
to be hard law, now they're softer.
there more recognition agreements and so
forth. Uh but I I do think it's
important to look at where trade flows
are continuing to be vibrant and growing
as against hard law frameworks.
>> All right. Trades new realities. That is
the panel that is underway here with our
very own Sheran of course moderating
that with the likes we talk about
Columbia universities uh Jared Amra Jano
there hai of course uh David Lee talking
a little bit more about how he's open to
production outside of China as well just
given the geopolitical uh you know
uncertainties out there here so
certainly uh quite interesting right we
continue to talk about you know the the
reality now that we are under this
one-year truce between US and China
>> what what changed what is likely to
change and what is not likely to change
and I think one of the takeaways from
the panel right before that before Tom
Orlic was in fact a great realignment
and really a interesting delineation
where you look at assets right chips AI
gold those things are being drawn
between lines of national security
that's something that we need to get
used to
>> but as far as
>> crossber business transactions is
concerned I think HSBC had a very good
statistic right 60%
>> of their largest client
60% are US companies doing business in
China. Yeah,
>> that's not changing. In fact, that that
that business is deepening even further.
Uh joining us here on set to talk us
through really the key themes and what
to watch moving forward, Stephanie
Flanders, of course, uh our head of
economics and government is here with us
on set. Very nice to see you. Good
morning.
>> Great to be here.
>> Annual tradition. It is [laughter]
>> Vivian Balakrishna of course you had a
conversation with him earlier. And what
was the what was the initial tone that
you got out of that conversation? You
know, I think I actually wanted to start
the conversation with a positive with a
sort of bad thing that we thought might
well have happened this year, especially
in response to uh the president,
President Trump's uh decision to really
go further with tariffs on all of his
trading partners uh than people had
expected. I think if we'd sort of
fleshed out that scenario a year from
now year ago, we would have said, "Yeah,
and all the rest of the world will
retaliate and we'll end up in a
potentially a kind of 1930s style tit
fortat trade war." That just hasn't
happened. You know, as as a group,
China's an exception, but almost all of
the US trade allies have actually said,
you know what, we're just going to pay
this higher price for access to the US
market. We don't think it benefits the
US. it certainly won't benefit us if we
start getting into a war. So, we're just
going to we're just going to deal with
we're going to take that we're going to
do these sort of asymmetric sort of
unfair trade deals with the US and try
and increase trade and integrate more
amongst ourselves and Singapore's
obviously been part of that and I think
you know he was also engaging with that
with that theme. idea that you know the
US is a has been a very important player
has been the sort of rule maker and
overseer of the system it's withdrawn
from that role but the rest of the world
can still carry on wants to carry on
trading
>> China then I mean has been the one that
has bucked that trend and really held
out in this whole trade war right and in
some ways it seems like they they got
what they want they wanted in all this
>> this is what I was interested so the
minister had obviously been at the ASEAN
meetings and and in also in in Malaysia
and in in Korea had seen that what he
described as a tactical pause between
the US and China. But you're absolutely
right and I think if you're many of the
Southeast Asian nations around the table
at those sessions could see that not
only was there an agreement between the
US and China, but China was ending up
relatively in a stronger position with
lower trade barriers with regards to the
US than many of the people around the
room and many of the countries that were
hoping to be an alternative China plus
one. I think that's that for me is a
kind of new trade trade reality. I was
interested to hear from the minister
whether he thought that was a permanent
situation that the US was actually no
longer trying to wean itself off China
goods because everybody else was also
facing the same kind of barriers I think
we still don't have an answer to that
>> and the the question around what what
now in other words what does the rest of
the room outside the US how do they now
engage with this US economy 12 months
into of course Donald Trump's second
term.
>> Well, so I do think there have been
these moves to have more trade amongst
themselves, but actually we we have
still continued to see trade going into,
you know, we've obviously still seen uh
imports into the US. That's right. Part
of it was the sort of front running of
the tariffs. There's also key areas like
pharmaceuticals, electronics where we
would have the expectation was the
nervousness was that there were going to
be high trade barriers and of course
that's where the big exclusions have
come. So I think when you talk to US
companies and you mentioned that we also
had a great story the other day from
Jenny Leonard in Germany talking about
German companies not being in denial.
They understand that they probably
should be less dependent on Chinese
production and sales to China, but
they're just unable. they're just
deciding they just can't do it. It's
just too important for them. So, I think
that's another thing that people are
doing. They've just they're taking the
opportunity created by the the
confusion, if you like, of the sort of
freewheeling approach of the
administration. Okay, we don't have to
choose between the US and China because
even the US is not choosing between the
US and China. [laughter]
>> That's a good point. Yeah, I think
there's a good point you asked about
fellow Christian too about China
exporting
out to the rest of the world and that
you know they're really singling out
Europe, right? You if you're going to
outsource your manufacturing to China,
if you're outsource your energy to
Russia, if you're going to outsource
your security to the US, it's just
unsustainable that they need to come to
grips with that. But he didn't spell out
I mean it's funny he was quite clear
about the problem of oak over capacity
and that the U the Chinese export-led
focus had been a source of instability
was not sustainable long term
>> but he was not willing I mean I was
pressing him I said you know he's a
diplomat obviously but I was saying you
know this is that is what China's doing.
We've seen China double down on that.
China is the one of the few countries in
the world that's managed to grow its
exports this year despite the fall off
in exports to the US. Uh and I he he did
he left that question unanswered. How
you going to fix that the source of
imbalance that's still coming from
China?
>> Stephanie, it's great to have you here
in the region. Stephanie Flanders there,
head of economics and government at
Bloomberg. Uh we're going to do a market
check here right now. Right. I believe
we're still seeing a bit of pressure
here when it comes to risk assets here
today. Let's get Minman uh there who is
watching everything for us in Hong Kong.
Hey Ben,
>> hey Von. Yes, we are seeing the
Asia-Pacific uh stock index looking
pretty firm at the moment, up 210 of a
percent. Things have stabilized over the
last one and a half hours or so. You can
see the Nik and the Cosby both flipping
from the red to the green right now. The
Nikay is up 6/10 of a percent. We did
have the sell off overnight in the Max
7. Right, there has been an increasing
number of investors warning of the
sustainability of that AI spending. As
we look ahead to Nvidia's earnings, but
things are at least taking a pause right
now in the Asia session, the 10-year
yield also now pointing higher, holding
on to the 4 uh 11% level. The yen
continuing to push higher at 155 levels.
But yes, we are looking ahead to that
jobs report tomorrow and what that means
for the Fed cut uh possibility in
December. But we flip the board and take
a look at some of the earning story that
we are digesting overnight. we had by
two reporting earnings actually showing
the worst revenue growth on record but
it was still ahead of expectations not
as bad as expected the big decline was
in its core search engine ad revenue but
I think the surprise was that we saw a
50% gain in its AI related sector so
we're seeing the stock now up by 3%
trip.com as well uh beating expectations
and Barlay is saying this is the bright
spot in the consumption space in
Right M. Yeah, Mman, thank you so much.
M lower China correspondent giving us an
update of these markets. We're doing
better. Uh that's of course fairly
relative uh given our starting point
from from yesterday. Uh let's let's
bring in Abisha Krishna now our Asia
equity senior reporter for more context
on the price action today relative to of
course what we had a really terrible
session Abishek yesterday going into
what happened uh overnight.
Um and they were moving up against this
wall of an Nvidia earnings report and a
September jobs report that could change
things or it could accelerate things
even further. Abashek
>> that's right and you know if you look at
today's uh you know market action so far
it looks like a state of steadiness. Uh
now it looks like you know positioning
ahead of these uh key high stake events
like Nvidia's earnings and US jobs
reports have already happened. uh people
have subscribed to the narrative of AI
capex uh you know probably driving lower
returns uh or is unsustainable or
valuations are are in a bubble
territory. So that kind of positioning
has happened. Now what the market wants
is that they're waiting for real data
real data to back their thesis. If that
comes in then you know the technical
break breakdowns that we were talking
about yesterday that got a pause today
would emerge and you know we'll see you
know Cosby probably again behaving like
a midcap stock today it's flat but
remember yesterday and before that you
know 6% 3% here and there everywhere um
similar is the case with Japan and
Taiwan so you know people are waiting
for th those kind of positions but uh
you know from here you'd have to start
thinking about uh the next year and if
you look at the trajectory for next year
uh it looks like you know it's probably
going to be decent here for US as well
as for Asian assets. So you know um at
the expense of Europe and rightly so
because the earnings are sort of missing
in in Europe's picture. US is getting a
heads up. We saw Mark Wilson actually
talking about um you know a 7,800 target
on S&P and we're getting similar feelers
for Asian uh equities as well. A lot of
Asian markets are expected to outperform
in the coming year, make a comeback, uh
cut their underperformance right from
the likes of India to China and maybe
even the AI trades. Uh but uh having
said that uh you know it it seems like
uh you know like the takeaways that have
been coming out from Bloomberg new
economy forum like Asians buying Asia, a
healthy correction coming in, a tactical
pause in US China tensions. These are
the themes that even markets are going
to replicate uh you know in the into the
year end and possibly into 2027 2026.
>> 2.
>> All right. Abishek. Thank you. Abishek
Vishno there our senior Asia equities
reporter joining us there with the
latest. And of course coming up on the
China show we speak with APCO's Greater
China chairman James McGregor about the
business environment in the region.
Plus, Mark Anzy, Digital Bridge CEO,
sharing his insights on powering [music]
and scaling AI. We are live at the 2025
New Economy Forum. And this is
Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> The fundamental problem with the US
[music] and China is a almost complete
lack of strategic trust. And that means
each side has to assume the worst of
each other. And even [music] if you're
taking precautions, it's viewed as
escalatory.
Both sides have identified [music] pain
points.
And I think what you've seen so far is
not a strategic realignment [music]
or sudden dawn of strategic trust is
that both sides have [music] decided
they need time. They need a tactical
pause
whilst you get on with the real
business.
>> Singapore foreign affairs minister
Vivian Balak Krishna there speaking
earlier about ties between China and the
US, the mistrust that still lies there.
And really joining us now to talk more
about this is James McGregor, Greater
China Chairman at APco Worldwide. APCO
is a global advisory and advocacy firm.
James, you were just in in China for
about a month, I believe, speaking to
foreign companies, Chinese companies,
policy makers, and the like on the
ground. What what has those
conversations been like?
>> Well, the what's missed in the West, I
think, is that how China is just
steadily moving ahead. You know, it's
not it's not perfect. They got some
problems. But you know when when people
talk about a downturn in China, the next
word is collapse. That they don't say
that about anywhere else in the world.
>> There's nothing in between.
>> It it it's far from collapse. It's
moving along. People are adjusting. The
companies are powering ahead. China's
ahead ahead on technology in in in EVs,
batteries, green energy, pure competitor
with um um quantum um AI. They've taken
a whole different model with I mean
there's there's countries and companies
all over the world adapting Chinese AI
models now because they're open source
where the US focus on AGI and kind of
winning that battle. It's it's going in
two directions.
the implications I guess severalfold but
implications for foreign companies that
are doing business in China that might
be missing that headline that things are
developing and moving and thriving very
slowly and steadily.
>> Foreign companies in China know this
well but because of the heavy duty
anti-China politics in the US they are
keeping quiet in what they do. They tell
me they got to be in China for three
reasons. the market. Even if the market
is 3%, that's 9 trillion in new economic
activity over a decade. The second one
is Chinese innovation. Just one example,
Huawei is building a million square
meter um innovation facility in the
Chingo district of Shanghai for 35,000
people. That's just one little corner of
innovation. And the third one, they
believe their next global competitor is
coming out of China because the Chinese
companies are very good and they got to
they got to know them uh so they can
compete or maybe maybe even partner with
them to go out.
>> You you mentioned about the the whole
trade. I'm wondering in terms of rare
earths. What what are American companies
telling you about rare earths now? Has
there been some sort of a growing sense
that what was implied in Busousan is
happening? There is an improvement in
these licenses now? Well, I think for
now what what you're hearing is that
China has, you know, China is
delivering, okay, and not really messing
with the licenses because of the
framework deal that was done in Korea.
Um, but you know, look, we taught China
how to do export controls. Their export
control laws have words wording from the
US laws. And so we we said, we're going
to, you know, you can't have our top
chips. We're going to slow you down. And
China said, okay, you can't have our
warers. We're going to stop you in your
tracks. And so that escalation had to
stop and it did. But it is still sitting
there. So, you know, we've got this year
framework on on trade which really
wasn't much to it other than a ceasefire
and it it would hopefully be held
together because she's going to um
Trump's going to go to China in the
spring. She's supposed to go to the US
in the fall and that will hold it
together. And and the bottom line is
China has a huge advantage in this trade
negotiations now because Trump really
needs a deal because he has to prove
that the trade war was worth it and that
he won. The only way you do that is a
China deal and and China will, you know,
China will just kind of they've been
waiting it out and figuring out what
they can get out of it and then no
matter what's in that deal, it it will
be advertised as the best deal ever.
>> So they're they're just kind of working
their way through it. Usually you have a
you have people working for a year to
put together a trade deal. Then the
principles meet. This time the
principles met. Now the next year you
got people working together to try to
come up with something some kind of a
trade deal. It but the the businesses
are very happy. They're very happy
because it it brings down the tone that
can work. And one part of the trade deal
that nobody talks about that I think may
happen is the president likes big
numbers. You have to have big numbers
you can tout in a trade deal. The only
way you get big numbers, we can only
America only has so much to sell to
China. So LNG, Boeing's other stuff. How
do you get big numbers? Chinese
investment in the US. And myself and
some others on Capitol Hill have been
pushing joint ventures. Let's do what
China did in the '90s. Bring Chinese
companies in on a joint venture require
technology transfer. And that way the US
can catch up on manufacturing and
technology we don't have. We'll we'll
see if we're humble enough to do this.
But I think it's a possibility. this
could be somewhat transformative if it
goes in a certain direction.
>> One of the things that emerged from the
meeting a couple of weeks ago in in
Korea was that we'll be here again in 12
months time and the cadence of you know
a one-year increment they will revisit
the deal and is that is that a hindrance
to business planning? How do companies
deal with that? A 12-month outlook that
seems to be okay but then we'll we'll
see what the settings are looking like
in
>> 12 month is better than they've had
they've had like one week before. It's
been couple of hours.
>> It's been changing so rapidly they
couldn't plan. Now that they at least
have a bit of a horizon on on planning
and they've gotten pretty adaptable.
Everybody's got five plans sitting there
on how they how they move ahead.
>> What are tech companies seeing when it
when it comes to the progress on chips?
Does does the US still lead in terms of
innovation? Is that gap still quite wide
or you know how are you seeing it now?
>> Yes. um the US chips are are far
advanced and it's uh it's really hard to
get there. But Chinese China China does
incremental innovation. They will they
will take a certain chip and they'll add
different high bandwidth memory and and
configure it a certain way and make it
good enough. you know, we think we're we
can slow them down, but we are basically
speeding them up in their innovation and
figuring out workarounds as they invest
very heavily in, you know, trying to
become ahead with with top chips. Never
underestimate China.
>> Jim, final question for you. The world's
gotten used a lot more Chinese exports
this year. Is that a reality that
>> persists into next year?
>> Yes, and it's not good. I mean, China
has overcapacity that is, you know, look
the the party's slogan be anything worth
doing is worth overdoing. And you know,
when they decide they're going to make
cars, everybody makes cars. And so they
have all this over capacity because they
invested so much in it. And now they're
they're they're sending that overseas
and they redirected they what US US
exports to us are down 20%. That stuff's
been sent to other countries. These
other countries are not going to put up
with that. So, China's going to have to
figure out a way to to bring that down.
But local governments re um keep this um
overcapacity going because they get a
value added tax and the value added tax,
it comes out of production of those
factories. That's how they're funding
the government now because they don't
have real estate money.
>> Jim, thank you so much. We got to leave
it there. Let's do this again soon once
we have more time. Uh Jim McGregor
there, of course, chairman for Greater
China at Appco uh Worldwide. [music]
We'll have a lot more coming through
here on the ground at NEF. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
>> Now that's that's eroding. How much does
that weigh on them? How much is that a
part of the conversations that you're
having? Well, I think it's it's
definitely an area of concern because
indeed I mean for 60 years or 80 years
the markets have been driven by you know
very uh certain legal regime you know
really the the the the you know the also
the um based on the independence of of
the of the the different central banks.
So I would say that it is an area of
concern and this translate also very
quickly on volatility. I mean when uh
there had been this u debate about power
well you could immediately see of course
the volatility in in the securities
business. So um I think it's it's
definitely an area of concern and um you
know gradually I mean all these um
questions about illegal regime about uh
certainty that people had when they were
investing you know um that that I I
don't think it is something positive for
for for the financial markets and um
that's something with which the the
politicians have to really realize that
you don't pay for trust. All right, the
Bloomberg New Economy Forum is underway,
of course, here in the Lion City and
you're just listening in uh to this
panel. Is dd dollararization for real?
That certainly is going to be a key
theme.
>> Is it?
>> I don't know. Don't ask me. We're going
to go back and dip into that when we
hear what the answer is going to be
here. Um but you know, this there's a
coming time where we're waiting for
Nvidia earnings. That certainly is it's
almost as big as any sort of macro event
right right now. Right.
>> It is a macro event.
>> It is in some ways just given the weight
of this stock. So well the direction of
the travel in terms of markets could go
either way depending on these results
but there is a sense that maybe if
something if they deliver you know can
they revive this whole optimism around
AI once again and how tall of an order
is going to be this time around.
>> I mean you almost have a structural
disconnect between what a company's able
to you know so a company's going to give
their this is what we report and they
can only give guidance for a year a year
ahead
>> and the stock usually falls weeks after.
>> Yeah. because it's even if they beat
>> what can you say how much can you grow
in a year if the market's pricing 5
years ahead
>> so it's it's almost like you're priced
for perfection as we always say here but
it is certainly an ongoing topic AI and
everything in between the infrastructure
this whole
>> energy push in China that people have
started to trade on right no power no AI
as they say uh joining us here in sets
there's probably no better person to
help us talk about this digital
infrastructure firm digital bridge has
just announced in fact the closing of a
third fund we'll talk about that and
other things. Joining us here
exclusively is the CEO Mark Gansy. Very
nice to see you in town. Good morning.
>> Good to see you, David. Good to see you,
Von. Thank you for having me. It's a
pleasure to be here.
>> Data centers.
>> Yes.
>> Is that still a thing? How big how big
of a thing is that now?
>> I think it's still a thing. [laughter] I
think it's going to continue to be a
thing. I think um you know, it's it's
interesting for me. I've been building
digital infrastructure for 30 years. And
you know, having had the privilege of
building digital PCS networks and
building the backbone of the internet
and now building the foundation for AI,
I find this AI trade on and off thing a
bit um not funny in the sense that, you
know, we we we like to sort of buy on
the good news and sell on the on the
potential bad news. And I think we're
investing for decades in AI. This is not
something that we're going to be
investing in the next few quarters. the
commitments that our customers are
making on a global basis are at massive
scale and so you know quarter to quarter
we're looking at obviously the patterns
of capex spending
>> and we've seen no abatement of that
capex spend in fact we've seen an
acceleration this year of that capex
spend we started the year with about 225
billion of capex across the major
hyperscalers around the world and today
that capex spend for this year is
forecasted to be between 360 and $380
billion in capex. So from an
infrastructure perspective, we really
see an acceleration into what's required
to build AI for the next 10 years.
>> How do you even choose where to invest,
whether it's geographies or even kind of
what data center? I mean, I'm sure
there's a plethora of of opportunities
out there for you right now. When I look
at Asia though, there's still a lot of
underinvestment compared to the likes of
EU and the US. I mean, how do you sort
out those opportunities now?
>> Yeah, we're really excited about Asia. I
mean particularly Southeast Asia. So we
made a commitment to build 300 megawatts
here just across the river in Johor. Uh
I'll travel there this afternoon to go
look at our data center there. And um
you know we've committed another 1.6
billion of new capital that we formed
with GIC and Audi a couple weeks ago to
invest in Vantage Asia which we're
really excited about. We've been
investing in cables. We're building over
9,000 kilometers of dark fiber at Zenith
IG and we're building over we've built
over 19,000 cell towers between Japan
and here in Southeast Asia between
Jtower and Edge Point. So we're very
excited. Digital infrastructure is under
supported here in Asia
>> and so it's one of the lagging markets
in terms of infrastructure but it's on
the front end of technology which is an
interesting juxosition.
>> So right now we're forming capital. Um
we're here today to talk about you know
uh this 11 you know 2 billion of capital
that we've raised in our third flagship
fund 7.2 2 billion in the fund, another
4 billion of stapled co-investment for
us. That's a huge win and it adds on to
the 80 billion of capital that we've
raised in the last 12 months to support
AI infrastructure. So from an
infrastructure perspective, the AI trade
is definitely on the I mean the fact
that you raised 80 billion and then
raised another seven just goes to show
that you almost have to turn money away.
>> When you look at the infrastructure like
there are gaps everywhere.
>> Yeah. How do you look at energy
infrastructure? Because people seem to
be talking about that recently, but I'm
sure that's not a new thing for you.
>> Yeah, look, we we've got a power bank of
about 22 gawatts around the planet
today. We own 11 different data center
companies at Digital Bridge. We own over
420 data centers. So, we've been in the
data center business for over a decade.
So, this isn't new for us. We really
started accumulating power about 2 to
three years ago. And in fact, we've
announced a new strategy at Digital
Bridge called digital power.
>> Yes.
>> Where we're building grid independent
power. And this is really the key to
where power is going in the future is
the ability to work with the grid, work
with the regulators, but at the same
time introduce other sources of power,
bringing that into a micro grid
strategy.
>> Yeah.
>> Where in surplus moments of the time,
we're selling power back into the grid.
>> And then an off peak when is
traditionally between 11:00 p.m. and 6
a.m. we're buying power back from the
grid at wholesale. So there's this
interesting opportunity to trade in
power provided you can build micro grids
and you have access to solar to best to
wind CCG LG there's no single bullet
solution to solving the power for AI
>> and we're working in Europe we're
working here in Southeast Asia we're
working in the United States and we're
going to build over 12 gawatts of new
power in the next 24 months at digital
bridge we're investing close to 15
billion in capex just to go along with
the 80 billion that we're putting into
data centers
>> you mentioned solar you mentioned some
of these commodities that are very much
needed. I mean, China seems to be that
market that has all those things. H how
closely are you looking at that that
market right now?
>> Look, for us, China is a difficult place
for us to invest. Um, we do own about
seven data centers in Hong Kong through
Vantage Asia. Yeah.
>> Um, we work with the Hong Kong
authorities there. We have one of the
data center seat licenses. It's a good
place for us to allow our US
hyperscalers to put infrastructure into
China safely. Yeah.
>> And do so um with full cooperation from
the Chinese government. So, you know,
our hope is that over time we think AI
is not a politicalized opportunity.
>> We shouldn't have China versus US.
>> It's like the internet.
>> It is because we're going to have AI
everywhere, right? We accept the fact
that AI is very pervasive. And yes,
there are three predominant hyperscalers
in China. There's six in the US. But my
view is this becomes commoditized. It
becomes globalized. And eventually over
time, there should be AI should be
without the politics and without the
boundaries. So we look as an investment
firm, we're investing in data centers
all around the world.
>> We're investing in five different
continents today and we serve all of the
Chinese hyperscalers uh equally and will
continue to serve them.
One interesting thing that's come up is
and I think we were just having this
conversation yesterday with Kyouli
the the model that a that the China has
adopted as far as AI goes
>> open source
>> open source you know smaller LLMs for or
not as large LLMs for example and I
wonder if they pursue that route and the
US pursues this route very general terms
of course is I don't know how to phrase
this question properly is the world
going to need the same things that are
needed to build the US model when you
look at what China is doing in that path
they're taking.
>> Well, look at the adaptation of
Deepseek, right? We use that as sort of
a test tube per se and adaptation. And
what we saw in Deepseek was this unique
moment in time where you saw massive
adaptation
>> and you saw cost coming down.
>> Yes. And
>> by the way, that has happened in other
technological advents whether it's the
3G radio, 4G radio or 5G radio or you
look at the adaptation of public cloud.
Same thing happened as we have more
adaptation David cost comes down
>> right and usage goes up
>> and we see that more pronounced in AI
today and whether you're building a
small LLM or you're building a large LLM
it really doesn't matter because
ultimately this is moving to inferencing
>> and as those models move towards the
edge of infrastructure and as you turn
on those inferencing opportunities
remember most of AI is going to be
machine-to-achine connections it's going
to be robotics and if you think about
the future where AI is going, the use
cases are not the same use cases as
public cloud. Public cloud was really
active applications, right? In the
enterprise and in consumer and you think
about where AI is going, you have five
unique use cases. Industrial use cases,
enterprise use cases, consumer, which
will be less than 10% of AI. Then you
think about machine to machine
connectivity and then the last thing
that nobody talks about is data
sovereignty. This is one of the biggest
areas of AI innovation. And so I think
about these five different areas of
growth in AI, it's much bigger than
public cloud. And so whether you're
building an LLM in China or you're
building an LLM in the United States or
in Norway, ultimately those models are
going to be harmonized to a certain
degree weaponized, but ultimately
they're going to be turned into specific
use cases. Whether it's industrial use
cases, enterprise use cases, or consumer
use cases. The aperture for AI is
widening. It's not narrowing. And I
think people need to really be pretty
sanguin about the whole AI trade.
>> Look, there's a lot of noise out there.
>> Focus on the signal, not the noise.
>> The signal is that this is a multi-deade
opportunity and that's what we're
investing in.
>> Well, I mean, asset allocators have that
question in mind. It's like a very
simple one I have is there are clearly
opportunities in the public markets,
right? There's the Nvidas of the world.
You talked about cloud, you know, go
long on Microsoft. Do people need to
rejig and just change the time horizon
of these investments? Are we too
shortsighted in the public markets? And
does that underscore the case for guys
like you?
>> Well, take it let's take a history
lesson, right? Let's go back in time 13
years ago when we started building
public cloud. It took the hyperscalers.
Remember, it took them six years to
monetize public cloud before there was
real demonstrative earnings in public
cloud. Here we are. We're in the third
year of AI. If you really think about AI
infrastructure, we got started in 2021
and we really started accelerating in 22
23 and now 24 and 25. And so we're three
years into that journey of building the
infrastructure and we're already
monetizing AI. We're monetizing AI 24
months quicker than we monetize public
cloud. So investors need to exercise
patience and you need to understand that
this is again this is a complete
tectonic shift in network topology and
most importantly the applications and
the use cases. And so we're going to
we're going to see this play out over a
long period of time.
>> Mark, it's great to have you here. Mark
Andy there, CEO of Digital Bridge,
joining us here at the Bloomberg New
Economy Forum and watch more ahead as we
continue our live coverage here at the
NEF forum. We're speaking live with the
CEOs of Fonta, New Bank, the London
Stock Exchange Group, and Hyundai Motor.
Those conversations coming your way over
the next couple of hours. This is
Bloomberg.
And in recent years, Apollo has become
an innovator in both insurance and in
private. Welcome back. You're watching
the China Show. We're coming to you live
here out of Singapore with the Bloomberg
New Economy Forum. On stage, of course,
as you can see, that's Eric Chhatsker
with the ongoing panel uh right now. And
just in case you don't know who some of
these gentlemen are, of course, on
stage. There you go. Mark Rowan, of
course, one of them. Yeah, we will take
you straight back into this once we have
more from this. In the meantime though,
let's just pivot a little bit here uh
and have a look at the European Union
and the top diplomat there and some of
the comments coming through out of the
block there in terms of the deep
economic ties uh to China holding back
its ability really to just underscore
all these changes taking place here.
Let's have a listen.
these sabotage acts that they are
organizing on our territories in
different countries, these are extremely
uh extremely serious and I would quote
uh good friend secretary general of NATO
Mark Rut who said that why are we saying
you know hybrid attacks which seems like
you know something soft when we should
call them by its name which is state
sponsored terrorism. One other issue you
you touched on then where when you were
talking about the shadow fleets was the
these other countries enabling Russia in
some ways. I mean you've spoken before
about China. Um how concerned are you
about China's role in the Russia Ukraine
conflict and what would you call on
Beijing to do? Do you think they're
being responsible global actors here? I
would use the wording of of NATO that
says that Russia like China is the key
enabler of Russia's war in Ukraine which
means that if they wouldn't support them
um then this war would be already over
because you know all the sanctions they
don't have access to capital they don't
have access to um you know uh different
things that are under sanctions unless
they have you know friends who are
helping them. Um now um what um we have
been calling you know China who says
that they want good relations with the
European uh Union um we have been always
raising this that this is you know we
have two big concerns. One is their
support to Russia uh in this war and the
second one is their economic cursive
practices against our companies. Now
what my feeling is is that um China is
listening to us taking note that we are
raising these issues but as we are maybe
not united how we should react on this
because countries have different
relations uh then um we are not taken
seriously enough and and and you know if
you think if you take the numbers I mean
uh regarding China I mean over 50% of
world's chemicals come from China. Uh I
mean uh critical raw materials. We just
saw the weaponization of of the access
to critical raw materials, electric
batteries, electric vehicles. I mean I
mean the list is long. Um all of the
countries, I mean United States, uh UK,
European Union, I mean Australia,
Canada, Mexico, India, uh Japan, South
Korea, all struggling with the same
issues. Now uh the the problem is that
we are not acting united here. You know
if we would have a um sort of you know
economic uh article 5 alliance that you
know if this coercive practices are used
against one then all the others take the
front that this is not okay. But uh and
also on the European level uh that we
are united in this. But you know of
course China is quite clever in you know
divide and conquer type of uh you know
relations that you know still countries
think that we can negotiate better terms
but actually the the honest truth is
that we are uh strong when we are acting
together and then we are also taken
seriously. If we say these things, we
act as a geopolitical power. If you
don't uh, you know, take steps to
mitigate our our worries, then we also
have a strong response.
>> That was the EU's top diplomat Kaja
Kalis there speaking with Bloomberg's
Brussels bureau chief Suzanne Lynch. Uh,
let's take it back to of course some
corporate headlines this morning and
watching CL. So shares of course of the
battery giant are doing this at the
moment as a down some well up some 4% as
a six-mon lockup expires today and
potentially freeing up the sale of
around 78 million shares. Now the stock
has rallied 92% since its Hong Kong
debut and trades at a 20% premium to its
mainland listing giving early investors
reason to take profit. Now, some
analysts see only short-term volatility,
saying CL's dominance supports long-term
[music] growth. China drew record demand
for it 4.6 billion euro bond sale, more
than 26 times the offering. The deal
follows a highly successful dollar sale
earlier this month as Beijing builds
sovereign benchmarks for Chinese
companies. Global reserve managers,
including central banks and sovereign
wealth funds, are boosting exposure to
China debt for diversification.
And Michael Bur says he's still trading
even after his hedge fund firm Scion
Asset Management dregistered with the
SEC. Bur told Bloomberg the fund was
essentially a quote friends and family
vehicle and that he didn't want the
problems he faced during his first Scion
run. The high-profile investor says
Scion isn't closing, just no longer
managing outside money.
and on the street retail investors
involved.
>> All right, we're going to be live here
at the Bloomberg New Yorkcoming forum in
Singapore. This panel in terms of
building sustainable and resilient
financial system that's underway uh
there at the Capella Hotel. You're
hearing here Robbie Men on the
ambassador for climate action for
Singapore. There he is joined alongside
Mark Rowan, the CEO of Apollo Global
Management. Let's listen in. always
working but we have to accept that it
has raised the cost of doing business in
the public markets. Um and I'm not sure
there's a way out of it because
investors still need to be protected. Um
you could do it in a smarter way and I
think that's where most of the reforms
need to take place. uh but having said
that I think what we should think of is
that alternative sources of capital are
emerging and we should encourage that
and so the emergence of private equity
private credit these have been positive
I think uh what I think regulators need
to make sure is that similar risks are
addressed in a similar fashion uh the
advantage of the private markets are
that they don't tap the mass deposit
base and so I think the treatment should
be different but there are risks and so
I think [music] regulators need to come
up to speed on on what those risks are
and address them. And I think for some
of the uh issues that Mark raised, the
kinds of long-term investments which
require.
All right, we're taking a look at what
it comes to China Tech here this
morning. Shares of BY do are up. Xiaomi
and PDD holdings though the last trade
has been lower there. So you take a look
at what the earnings are telling us
here. PD slipped into that US session
after warning of a slowdown in the
Chinese consumer environment. For more,
let's bring in our Asia tech
correspondent Annabelle Jewelers. Belle,
well, let's start with BU. What were the
key takeaways?
>> Yeah, well, you can see there it's
really one of the few bright spots in
the session today, especially when
you've got that broader tech gauge,
fairly steady, but BU actually revenue
pretty much came in line with what
analysts had been expecting. So, just
north of $32 billion or $31 billion for
the September quarter. The bright spot
very much was the AI powered business
because she started to see stronger re
revenue growth coming from that division
in particular. Actually a jump of 50% on
the year to coming in at roughly 10
billion. So that does according to some
analysts out there lay a pretty solid
foundation for the longerterm outlook
for the business. The concern of course
for for BO in particular is always going
to come back down to its bread and
butter division which is essentially the
ad revenue business and and Goldman
Sachs for instance is among those saying
that over the coming quarters you're
going to see sustained pressure on the
advertising business in particular
though again coming back to that AI
division that certainly is a bit more
optimistic and and you can see that
reflected in the share price today.
Yeah, Xiaomi is interesting too though,
right? Because, you know, on one hand,
they talk about higher memory chip
prices. That's going to weigh on on the
smartphone business, but the EV business
seem to be seeing some bright spots,
too.
Yeah, I'm really it's a bit of a shame
actually that I think given we've just
seen so much strength in in in the EV
business division in particular and this
was one that that some analysts actually
weren't even expecting to break a profit
until the end of this year but they've
managed to do it in the September
quarter. But to your point definitely
today and definitely reaction from
analysts is very much more focused on on
the memory chip prices and how there's
going to be a crunch a supply crunch in
that coming into 2026. That's the
expectation we're starting to hear from
a range of different businesses and
Xiaomi is saying that's actually going
to end up having an impact on their
smartphone prices. They're already
seeing sort of sluggish revenue or
sluggish growth of that division in
particular. Apple actually is continuing
to sell relatively strongly in the
mainland market. They're behind OPPO for
instance, another major smartphone
player in China. So, smartphones is it
seems to be a bit of a weaker point.
Even though yes, the big takeaway from
the EV division was that managing to
post a profit for the first time ever.
And this is a this is a division that
only started selling its first EV uh
last year.
>> Belle, thank you for wrap up there. Of
course, Xiaomi shares down some 3% as
mentioned uh focusing on the negatives
here, it seems like. All right, we got a
great lineup coming through. We still
got plenty more in day one. Here's a
glimpse of what day two looks like here
at the Blue New Economy Forum [music] in
Singapore. That's it for us here in the
China show. Insight with Has Linda Amen
is next.